instructions:
	presentation mode:
		click on the left or right walls to advance
		or move the joystick left/right to advance	
		
		keyboard shortcuts:
			left/right arrows to advance
			1-9 are jump keys
			space bar for next slide


How this works:
	1:
		(MVR Server only)
		Launch a Python script via subprocess that uses Powerpoint's Interop COM API to render out slides as high res PNG files
		Also retrieve notes and some other metadata, save it to a JSON file.
		Back in Unity: Load the JSON file
		Send the JSON data to the MVR cluster nodes
	2:
		(all nodes)
		Use the paths in the JSON to import the generated PNGs into Unity as textures
		Use the 'notes' data to set up text objects
	3:
		Proceed into normal powerpoint in 3D paradigm
	
	The PPTControl source code and its venv is in the "pptcontrol" folder
	The compiled version (made in Nuitka) is in Assets/StreamingAssets.	

bugs todo:	
	X	stop crashing on cluster launch
	X	implement notes onto the prefab
	X	add timestamp
		make sure file picker works in builds in cave
		automatically set up jump keys based on presentation length
		
future features:
	file picker for all files listed in folder
	drawing layer
	reimplement transitions
	
Rob's priorities:
	smarter export that does 3D layering
		select the background layer, all text objects, and all image objects, export them separately
		use Pillow to make an Atlas, save it as DXT1.
	support for movies
		youtube files
			scan text for HTML links to youtube et al?
			yt-dlp ?
		and embedded files
			I can use Interop to identify which slides contain movies
			I can use 'import zipfile' to pull the embedded file out for Unity import
	fix file browser?
	cool background
	support for bullet point sequencing?
	
ideas:
	instead of the interop, try:
	https://www.nuget.org/packages/documentformat.openxml#readme-body-tab	Does this have an export function?
	Interop PNG export does not preserve alpha channel:
		maybe try chroma key?
		SVG and PDF exports preserve alpha, but pillow doesn't support them
		PNG is actually indexed color sometimes??
		JPG and TIF have no alpha channel

		SVG can be handled by resvg or cairo or inkscape 
		PDF can be handled by python-poppler ??
		don't like subproccesses
		I like to render to a buffer ideally, not a render to file method

		use https://github.com/deeplook/svglib